_pages/faq.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: FAQ
include_in_header: true
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

Welcome to the FAQ! If you have a question that isn't listed here, feel free to [reach out via email](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com).

---

### What is *My Daily Dad Joke*?
It's a light-hearted app that delivers a new dad joke to your phone every day. Whether you're a fan of puns, groan-worthy punchlines, or just need a reason to smile, this app has you covered.

---

### How do I get a new joke each day?
The app automatically refreshes with a new joke every day. Just open it up and enjoy!

---

### What if I want more jokes?
Need an extra laugh? Just swipe left to load a random dad joke from the archive.

---

### How do I see previous days' jokes?
Swipe right to revisit jokes from previous days.

---

### Can I save or favorite jokes?
Yes! Tap the heart icon to mark a joke as a favorite. You can view all your saved jokes anytime from the Favorites tab.

---

### Is there a widget?
Definitely! Add the *My Daily Dad Joke* widget to your home screen so you never miss a laugh. Just long-press your home screen, tap the `+`, and search for our widget.

---

### Can I schedule when I get the joke?
Yes! Head to the Preferences tab in the app to pick a time that works best for you. You’ll get your daily dad joke like clockwork.

---

### Can I share jokes with friends?
Absolutely! You can share your favorite dad jokes via text, social media, or any app that supports sharing.

---

### Is the app free?
Yes, the app is free to download and use. There's also an optional one-time purchase to remove ads and support development.

---

### What if I don’t want to see ads?
You can make a small in-app purchase to remove ads permanently and enjoy a cleaner experience.

---

### I'm having an issue—how can I get help?
We're here for you! Email us at [dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com) and we'll get back to you quickly.

---

### Do you collect any personal data?
Nope. We respect your privacy. Check out our [Privacy Policy]({{ site.baseurl }}/privacypolicy) for all the details.

---

Still have questions? Don’t hesitate to [contact us](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com)!

Commit message:

add faq for sign in

_pages/faq.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: FAQ
include_in_header: true
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

Welcome to the FAQ! If you have a question that isn't listed here, feel free to [reach out via email](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com).

---

### What is *My Daily Dad Joke*?
It's a light-hearted app that delivers a new dad joke to your phone every day. Whether you're a fan of puns, groan-worthy punchlines, or just need a reason to smile, this app has you covered.

---

### How do I get a new joke each day?
The app automatically refreshes with a new joke every day. Just open it up and enjoy!

---

### What if I want more jokes?
Need an extra laugh? Just swipe left to load a random dad joke from the archive.

---

### How do I see previous days' jokes?
Swipe right to revisit jokes from previous days.

---

### Can I save or favorite jokes?
Yes! Tap the heart icon to mark a joke as a favorite. You can view all your saved jokes anytime from the Favorites tab.

---

### Will I lose my favorites if I change phones?
Nope! Just sign in with Apple or Google to keep your favorites synced across all your devices. It's quick, secure, and helps you pick up right where you left off.

---

### Is there a widget?
Definitely! Add the *My Daily Dad Joke* widget to your home screen so you never miss a laugh. Just long-press your home screen, tap the `+`, and search for our widget.

---

### Can I schedule when I get the joke?
Yes! Head to the Preferences tab in the app to pick a time that works best for you. You’ll get your daily dad joke like clockwork.

---

### Can I share jokes with friends?
Absolutely! You can share your favorite dad jokes via text, social media, or any app that supports sharing.

---

### Is the app free?
Yes, the app is free to download and use. There's also an optional one-time purchase to remove ads and support development.

---

### What if I don’t want to see ads?
You can make a small in-app purchase to remove ads permanently and enjoy a cleaner experience.

---

### I'm having an issue—how can I get help?
We're here for you! Email us at [dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com) and we'll get back to you quickly.

---

### Do you collect any personal data?
Nope. We respect your privacy. Check out our [Privacy Policy]({{ site.baseurl }}/privacypolicy) for all the details.

---

Still have questions? Don’t hesitate to [contact us](mailto:dappernarwhalstudios+support@gmail.com)!
